README.md, before:

# GithubExplorer

GithubExplorer is a small .NET MAUI application that allows you to see the trending Repositories of github.com/trending or set a custom url in order to only see specific treding repositories (like from a specific language or country etc.).


## Features

Built using .NET 8.0 and the MAUI framework, utilizing following open-source libraries and frameworks:

- [GithubDataNet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GithubDataNet)
- [MudBlazor](https://mudblazor.com)
- [MudBlazor.Markdown](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MudBlazor.Markdown)
- [NavigationManagerUtils](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NavigationManagerUtils)
- [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json)
- .NET MAUI and associated packages from Microsoft
  

## Functionality

- Scroll trough the repositories
  - Load the readme and view it in the Explorer
  - Load details (if available) like topics, project url etc.


## Screenshot(s)

![Application Screenshot (GIF)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/liebki/GithubExplorer/master/Screenshots/Application-Screenshot-1.3.0.gif)


## License

**Software:** GithubExplorer

**License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

[GNU](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)


#### Enjoy exploring the Github Trend page with GithubExplorer!

Commit message:

A few minor things: + MacOS fix + binary in releases + Updated libraries + Changed logo + Changed settings-stuff so it works on osx and win
Thats it!

README.md, after:

# GithubExplorer

GithubExplorer is a simple and small .NET 8 MAUI app, which allows you to browse the trending page on GitHub (github.com/trending), you can set a custom url in order to filter and only see specific repositories (like a specific language, country etc.).

## Features

Built using .NET 8 MAUI framework, using following open-source libraries and frameworks:

- [GithubDataNet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GithubDataNet)
- [MudBlazor](https://mudblazor.com)
- [MudBlazor.Markdown](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MudBlazor.Markdown)
- [NavigationManagerUtils](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NavigationManagerUtils)
- [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json)
- .NET MAUI and associated packages from Microsoft

## Installation

- I don't know if a normal installation is working with MAUI atm, I will upload the .app, .exe and other files to the releases.
- If not, just get the source, install MAUI (using "dotnet workload"), setup the project, build it and done.


## Functionality

- Simply scroll through all trending repositories:
    - Take a look at the ReadMe in-app
    - Load a few details (if they are available) like project topics, project url etc.

## Screenshot(s)

![Application Screenshot (GIF)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/liebki/GithubExplorer/master/Screenshots/Application-Screenshot-1.3.0.gif)

## License

**Software:** GithubExplorer

**License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

[GNU](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)

#### Enjoy exploring..
